Run `python3 dev/update_changelog.py --prev-version 2.1...` (#11033)
mlflow/mlflow: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.10.1 (2024-02-06)

> MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` flavor, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.
```

> Bug fixes:

Reviewer 2: Should we list #10952 here as well? We mention that this version fixes a bug in Langchain above, so it might be helpful for users to tell what was it.

Reviewer: done! added the artifact store fix to the top-level notes too

> - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
> - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
> - [UI] Restore dataset tracking flag (#10992, @daniellok-db)
> - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [UI] Restore dataset tracking flag (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- Bug fixes for Transformer flavors
    - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
```
nit: to make it clear that these 3 are for Transformer flavors?

> ## 2.10.1 (2024-02-06)
> 
> MLflow 2.10.1 includes several major features and improvements
> 
> Bug fixes:
> 
> - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
> - [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)
> - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
> - [UI] Restore dataset tracking flag (#10992, @daniellok-db)
> - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
> 
> Documentation updates:
> 
> - [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
> 
> Small bug fixes and documentation updates:
> 
> #10930, #10952, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy; #10967, @kriscon-db
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.10.1 (2024-02-06)

MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` flavor, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

Bug fixes:

- [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
- [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
- [UI] Restore dataset tracking flag (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)

Documentation updates:

- [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
- [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)

Small bug fixes and documentation updates:

#10930, #10952, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy; #10967, @kriscon-db

```

# CHANGELOG

## 2.10.1 (2024-02-06)

MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

> Bug fixes:
> 
> - [UI] Restore dataset tracking flag (#10992, @daniellok-db)
> - Bug fixes for Transformer flavors
>     - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
>     - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
>     - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
> 
> Documentation updates:
> 
> - [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
> - [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)
> 
> Small bug fixes and documentation updates:
> 
> #10930, #10952, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy; #10967, @kriscon-db

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bug fixes:

- [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- Bug fixes for Transformers flavor
    - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
- Bug fixes for Langchain flavor
    - Fixed errors that occur when logging inputs and outputs with different lengths (#10952, @serena-ruan)

Documentation updates:

- [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
- [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)

Small bug fixes and documentation updates:

#10930, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy; #10967, @kriscon-db
```

# CHANGELOG

## 2.10.1 (2024-02-06)

MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

Bug fixes:

> - [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
> - Bug fixes for Transformers flavor
>     - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
>     - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
>     - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
> - Bug fixes for Langchain flavor
>     - Fixed errors that occur when logging inputs and outputs with different lengths (#10952, @serena-ruan)
> 
> Documentation updates:
> 
> - [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
> - [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)
> 
> Small bug fixes and documentation updates:
> 
> #10930, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy; #10967, @kriscon-db

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- [Artifact Store] Fixed directory bucket region name retrieval (#10967, @kriscon-db)
- Bug fixes for Transformers flavor
    - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
- Bug fixes for Langchain flavor
    - Fixed errors that occur when logging inputs and outputs with different lengths (#10952, @serena-ruan)

Documentation updates:

- [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
- [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)

Small bug fixes and documentation updates:

#10930, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy
```

# CHANGELOG

## 2.10.1 (2024-02-06)

MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

Bug fixes:

- [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- [Artifact Store] Fixed directory bucket region name retrieval (#10967, @kriscon-db)
- Bug fixes for Transformers flavor

>     - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Models] Fix an issue with transformer pipelines not inheriting the torch dtype specified on the model, causing pipeline inference to consume more resources than expected. (#10979, @B-Step62)
```

    - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)

>     - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Models] Fixed a bug affecting prompt templating with Text2TextGeneration pipelines. Previously, calling `predict()` on a pyfunc-loaded Text2TextGeneration pipeline would fail for `string` and `List[string]` inputs. (#10960, @B-Step62)
```
